c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\WcfServiceExample.dll.config
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\WcfServiceExample.dll
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\WcfServiceExample.pdb
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\obj\Debug\WcfServiceExample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\obj\Debug\WcfServiceExample.dll
c:\users\lovita\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceExample\WcfServiceExample\obj\Debug\WcfServiceExample.pdb
